PURPOSE
The primary goal of this document is to define and describe the functions and specifications
of the KFUPM e-activities software system to help the developer team to not deviate from the requirements by documenting them professionally and providing guidance and reference for the upcoming phases. 
This Document clearly illustrates user requirements, use case diagrams, activity models, class models, navigation models, presentation models, and user interface.

A second goal for the document, is to help making a contract with the customer that
includes system requirements that are professionally documented. To make things clear to the
customer, so he can either accepts or declines the software project.


	
GOAL
The objective of this project is to design a KFUPM e-activities software system for KFUPM. 
The system shall provide a platform that unify and present all the extracurricular activities that are ongoing in KFUPM. 
This will provide the students with a one stop shop website where they can check and participate in all of the activities that are taking place in KFUPM, 
thus saving them time and the hassle of keeping up with every activity organizer on his own.

























Product Features 
1.	Anonymous user
1.1.	The anonymous user shall be able to register in the system.
1.2.	The anonymous user shall be able to sign into the system.
1.3.	The anonymous user shall be able to browse activities.
1.4.	The anonymous user shall be able to search for particular activities.

2.	Registered user
2.1.	The registered user shall be able to update his profile
2.2.	The registered user may be able to view his notifications
2.3.	The registered user shall be able to browse activities
2.4.	The registered user shall be able to search for particular activities
2.5.	The registered user shall be able to request activity participation
2.6.	The registered user shall be able to view his own participation request activities
2.7.	The registered user shall be able to edit his own participation request activities 
2.8.	The registered user shall be able to cancel his own participation request activities
2.9.	The registered user shall be able to offer an activity
2.10.	The registered user shall be able edit an activity 
2.11.	The registered user shall be able end an activity 
2.12.	The registered user shall be able view incoming participation requests
2.13.	The registered user shall be able accept incoming participation requests
2.14.	The registered user shall be able reject incoming participation requests
2.15.	The registered user shall be able to send a feedback
2.16.	The registered user may be able to reply to a comment

3.	Admin
3.1.	The admin shall be able to sign in
3.2.	The admin shall be able to accept user registration
3.3.	The admin shall be able to reject user registration
3.4.	The admin shall be able to delete a user
3.5.	The admin shall be able to block a user
3.6.	The admin shall be able to accept an activity offer
3.7.	The admin shall be able to reject an activity offer
3.8.	The admin shall be able to generate a report




ROOT
    USERS (collection)
        user_id (document)
        firstName: ""
        lastName: ""
        email: ""
        password: ""
        type: ""
        state: ""
        
    EVENTS (collection)
        event_id (document)
            id: "#"
            name: ""
            desc: ""
            startDate: "Date"
            startTime: "Date"
            endDate: "Date"
            endTime: "Date"
            creator: "Date"
            joined: [user_id],
            waiting: [user_id],
            feedbacks: [
            {
               by: User
               text : String
               Reply : String
            }
 


